Dabs test (#66)
databricks/bundle-examples: contrib/templates/scala-job/README.md

> An (experimental) template to create a scala job which uploads an assembly jar to your Databricks workspace using scala dbconnect. This can also be reused for local development with dbconnect serverless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# scala-job

This is an (experimental) template for creating using Scala with Databricks Asset Bundles. It uses sbt to compile and package Scala files, and can be used with Databricks Connect for local development.
```

Run 
```

> mkdir dabs_test && cd dabs_test && databricks bundle init --template-dir contrib/templates/scala-job https://github.com/databricks/bundle-examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
databricks bundle init --template-dir contrib/templates/scala-job https://github.com/databricks/bundle-examples
```

You don't really need the subdir.
